Colombia is situated
in the northwest of South America.
Its territory encompasses
the Amazon rain forest,
tropical grassland, the Andes mountain range,
and the Caribbean and Pacific coastlines.
It’s known for growing high-quality coffee.
But what is even more impressive there
is the spiritual growth
among Jehovah’s people.
Colombians are very friendly and hospitable,
and our brothers show these qualities
in an outstanding way.
In March, we had a new all-time peak
in the number of publishers.
We had 172,028
who shared in the preaching work
in this special month of activity.
As a result, on April 11,
we had an all-time peak
in the number of the Memorial attendees,
with 515,800 in attendance
—three times the number of publishers.
Because of the geography of the country,
there are some areas of Colombia
where it is not easy
to reach with the good news.
For this reason,
from time to time
—once a year—
some special campaigns are organized.
The last campaign was organized
from November 2016 to January 2017.
Seven thousand four hundred
and fifty-six publishers shared
in this campaign,
including several members
of our Bethel family.
I would like to share with you
some encouraging experiences
that the brothers had during this campaign.
A regular pioneer couple wanted to share
in the campaign with other friends.
Unfortunately,
no one was available to go with them.
In addition to that, the territory
where they were assigned was far away,
the climate was cold,
and there were
no known Jehovah’s Witnesses there.
At first, this made the couple worried,
but they took courage
and they went to the assigned territory.
The very day they started to preach there,
they met a man who,
after listening carefully
to their introduction, said:
“I know what you are talking about.
In fact, when I was a child,
I used to preach as you do.”
Then he added,
“I tell my neighbors
that we are Jehovah’s Witnesses.”
The couple was quite surprised,
especially because from what they knew,
there were
no Jehovah’s Witnesses in the area.
So they asked the man to explain more.
The man told them that as a child,
he lived in a different part of the country
and that his grandmother
was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
and used to take him in service with her.
Later, because of unrest and violence,
he had to leave his hometown,
and he moved to his current place.
He’s now very happy to study again,
along with his wife and five children.
In the special campaign,
a special effort is made
to reach the numerous
indigenous communities
that are present in Colombia.
In one of them,
two sisters met a man
while walking toward the territory
and preached to him.
He kindly told them
that he was the chief of the community.
At the moment, he was very busy,
but he was giving them permission
to preach to all in the community.
After they preached to all in the community,
the sisters met this man again.
He exclaimed:
“The people of God finally arrived!
“Come on in.
Please teach us.
We were waiting for you.”
A great witness was given.
A week later, when the Witnesses called back,
they met 30 people waiting
for them in the chief’s house,
with the Listen to God brochure
in their hands,
ready to learn about Jehovah.
Yes, as these experiences illustrate,
in Colombia
‘the fields are white for harvesting.’
It is a great pleasure for me
to convey the love and greetings
of all of our brothers
and sisters in Colombia,
including the 255 members
of our Bethel family.